CDS-74797 Runtime Issue Key (#3827)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/ticketing-systems/update-jira-issues-in-cd-stages.md

> In **Issue Key**, you can use an expression to reference the Key ID from another Jira Create or Jira Update step.

Reviewer: This feature is also applicable when issue key is `runtime input`

> Here are some important consideration when using an expression:

Author: ```suggestion
Here are some important considerations when using an expression in **Issue Key:**
```

- The Jira Create or Jira Update step you want to reference must be before the Jira Update step that references it in the stage.

> - Harness uses the **Jira Project** and **Issue Type** you in **Add Jira Fields** to fetch the list of fields. If you use a runtime expression for **Issye Key** and the Jira project and issue type you selected does not produce the issue key provided at runtime, your pipeline could fail to execute successfully. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Harness uses the **Jira Project** and **Issue Type** you select in **Add Jira Fields** to fetch the list of fields. If you use a runtime expression for **Issue Key** and the Jira project and issue type you selected does not produce the issue key provided at runtime, your pipeline could fail to execute successfully. 
```

> - Harness uses the **Jira Project** and **Issue Type** you select in **Add Jira Fields** to fetch the list of fields. If you use a runtime expression for **Issue Key** and the Jira project and issue type you selected does not produce the issue key provided at runtime, your pipeline could fail to execute successfully. 

Reviewer: you selected does not `correspond with` the issue key provided
